- [Kevin] Thanks for watching this course
on microservice security.
In the course I've provided you
with strategies for securing microservices
that overcome the security challenges
of a distributed system
by using leading standards and platforms.
Before we wrap up the course
I want to provide you with some recommendations
for what to explore next
and give you some information about my other courses.
If you want to get to the expert level
I highly recommend reading the specifications
discussed in this course,
such as those for OAuth 2 and JWT.
These materials will deepen your understanding
of the standards used to secure microservices
and allow you to teach them to others.
Throughout my career
I've learned the most through hands-on prototyping.
I encourage you to download or sign up
for some of the platforms mentioned in this course
and to build small proof of concepts against them
with the techniques we discussed.
Prototypes pay huge dividends.
If you've liked my teaching style
I have a few other courses on the LinkedIn Learning platform
that might interest you.
"Git for Teams" is a course I built
that deliver strategies for teams that use Git.
It can make your team's development much more fluid.
"Building APIs with Swagger" covers a design first approach
to creating APIs with the OpenAPI specification.
"Java EE 8 Essential Training"
covers 13 of the most widely used Java EE APIs
and gives you a rock solid foundation
for building Java web applications.
"Spring Batch" can provide you with a proven architecture
to construct complex batch jobs
that run on the JVM using Spring.
"Migrating beyond Java 8"
will teach you how to navigate the Java ecosystem
to handle the new release cadence
and newly introduced language features.
So that's all I have for you for now.
Congratulations on finishing this course
and thanks again for taking it.
Now put your new skills to the test
and best of luck securing your microservices.